## What is this? ##

This is a sample project to speed up the creation of a new **Spring Boot** based **Groovy** web service, and to add some consistency to applications created at ShopperTrak.

By default, the project includes:

* Sample controller
* Sample service
* Oracle dependency with example
* Spring Boot Actuator plugin
* Spring Boot security
* Logging

## How to use this? ##

1. Fork this project.
1. Name the new repository as appropriate for your new app.
1. In `build.gradle` set `appName` to be your application name. This value will be reported in the application info page.
1. In `build.gradle` set `mainClassName` to contain the source package name for your new app.
1. In `build.gradle` set `jarFilename` to be the desired name of the jar file generated by the build process (**include** file extension).
1. In `startup/application.env` set the `APP_NAME` property to be your application name. This needs to match the `jarFilename` property above, **without** the extension.
1. Rename the `src/main/groovy/com/shoppertrak/exampleappname` directory to your app name and update the package name in all the java files in `src/main/*` to match.
1. Copy `properties/dev/application.yml` to your project root directory, for local development.
1. Create a `secure.properties` file in your project rood directory, for local development.
1. Create your Controllers and Services (use the included samples as a starting point).
1. Create Unit tests in `src/test/groovy/...`
1. Create Integration tests in `src/integrationTest/groovy/...`
1. Create a Jenkins project for your new app.

## What if I don't need the Oracle connection? ##

1. Remove `src/main/resources/ojdbc7.jar`.
1. In `build.gradle` remove the `spring-boot-starter-jdbc` compile dependency.
1. In `build.gradle` remove the `HikariCP` compile dependency.
1. In `build.gradle` remove the `ojdbc7.jar` compile dependency.
1. In all three `application.yml` files, remove all of the **Spring datasource** properties.

## What is secure.properties? ##

This file should NOT be included in version control. It should contain the data source URLs for any databases, including usernames and passwords.

For example, this file could contain the following properties:

* spring.datasource.url
* spring.datasource.username
* spring.datasource.password
* security.user.name
* security.user.password